c:\users\francois.gls\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\bin\Debug\QuickAccess.exe
c:\users\francois.gls\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\bin\Debug\QuickAccess.pdb
c:\users\francois.gls\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\francois.gls\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\obj\x86\Debug\QuickAccess.Form1.resources
c:\users\francois.gls\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\obj\x86\Debug\QuickAccess.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\francois.gls\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\francois.gls\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\francois.gls\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\obj\x86\Debug\QuickAccess.exe
c:\users\francois.gls\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\obj\x86\Debug\QuickAccess.pdb
c:\users\francois.gls\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\bin\Debug\QuickAccess.exe.manifest
c:\users\francois.gls\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\bin\Debug\QuickAccess.application
c:\users\francois.gls\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\obj\x86\Debug\QuickAccess.TrustInfo.xml
c:\users\francois.gls\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\obj\x86\Debug\QuickAccess.exe.manifest
c:\users\francois.gls\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\obj\x86\Debug\QuickAccess.application
C:\Users\francois.GLS\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\obj\x86\Debug\QuickAccess.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\francois\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\obj\x86\Debug\QuickAccess.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\francois\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\obj\x86\Debug\QuickAccess.exe
C:\Users\francois\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\obj\x86\Debug\QuickAccess.pdb
C:\Users\francois\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\bin\Debug\QuickAccess.exe.manifest
C:\Users\francois\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\bin\Debug\QuickAccess.application
C:\Users\francois\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\bin\Debug\QuickAccess.exe
C:\Users\francois\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\bin\Debug\QuickAccess.pdb
C:\Users\francois\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\francois\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\obj\x86\Debug\QuickAccess.Form1.resources
C:\Users\francois\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\obj\x86\Debug\QuickAccess.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\francois\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\francois\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\francois\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\obj\x86\Debug\QuickAccess.TrustInfo.xml
C:\Users\francois\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\obj\x86\Debug\QuickAccess.exe.manifest
C:\Users\francois\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\obj\x86\Debug\QuickAccess.application
C:\Users\francois\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\bin\Debug\QuickAccess.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
C:\Users\francois\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickAccess\QuickAccess\bin\Debug\QuickAccess.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
